*we should check, if Source client credentials are maintain in the secure area or not

* We will have to login to Source client and check, if we are able to login with credes maintained in the secure area, if not we will have to revert back to the client.
*Enter required parameters in SPC and creae PID
*If the Client size is more than 300 gb, recommend the user to go for client export

*TCuser is copied from 000 client to customer target client, so that we can login to customer client with tuser. this is done by the procedure.






Ajith Rao: Remote Client Copy 

 

Procedure Details: 

Procedure ID: ACE11023 

If technically possible the Add-on CLOUDLM will be installed in the target system (not in the source system)  

and the Client Copy will be executed automatically. If not approved by the customer, the Add-on will be deleted  

from the system after the client copy Is completed. 

 

TQS Roles: 

Acknowledge and qualify the ticket. 

Check the ticket description & additional comments (if any) 

Check if below information is provided in ticket (If any of the below information is not available revert to customer requesting for the same) 

Target System number for the copy  

Source and Target client for the copy 

Profile to be used for the copy 

Check if Source system credentials are maintained in secure area and its working 

If all the above details are available, proceed with scheduling the activity with all mandatory parameters 

Procedure ID: ACE11023  

Ticket is created using source system number. 

 

Requirements from Customer: 

Source Client 

Target Client 

Source Client Profile 

Source Client User Credentials 

Downtime 

 

Pre-Checks: 

RFC connection creation and checking will be performed during prechecks phase by procedure. 

 

 

 

In case of inconsistency, request customer to clear the inconsistencies or confirm with customer if we can exclude the inconsistency. 

Once activity is scheduled and prechecks are completed make sure Process ID is on HOLD for execution. 

 

Post-Checks: 

It will delete temporary RFC connection created between source and target system. 